A premium, limited-edition collectible set featuring all the essentials for a good time, inspired by Leonida’s hit TV show, Macca the Gator.
An exclusive collection of items threaded across all aspects of Jason and Lucia’s story.
An Extended Look
Announcing Grand Theft Auto VI: The Album, Coming November 19
Blood and Gore, Intense Violence, Mature Humor, Nudity, Strong Language, Strong Sexual Content, Use of Drugs and Alcohol.
Collector's Box
Cookie Policy
Cookie Settings
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Download and share official videos, screenshots, and more.
Expand Navigation Menu
Explore More
Featured News
For more on PlayStation benefits, see
Get Rockstar Propaganda
Get the latest game announcements, updates on special events and offers, and much more from Rockstar Games.
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI - Rockstar Games
https://esrb.org
In-Game Purchases.
In-Game Radio and Music
Learn More
Media & Artwork
Newswire posts
November 19, 2026
Now Playing
October 8, 2026
Only in Leonida
People & Places
Plays Best On
Plays best on PlayStation 5
PlayStation 5
Pre-order Bonuses
Pre-Order Now
Pre-Order The Goodtime State – Vice City Collection Now While Supplies Last
Pre-order to get unique benefits that flash back to when the neon burned brightest.
Preview hand-picked stations from the biggest and widest-ranging selection of in-game radio yet, pre-order GTAVI: The Album, and more.
Scroll for more content.
See All
September 17, 2026
September 24, 2026
Skip to Main Content
The Music of Grand Theft Auto VI: In-Game Radio Stations
The Vice City Collection
Trailer 1
Trailer 2
Ultimate Edition
Vice City Pack
Vice City, USA.
Vice City, USA. Jason and Lucia have always known the deck is stacked against them. But when an easy score goes wrong, they find themselves on the darkest side of the sunniest place in America, in the middle of a criminal conspiracy stretching across the state of Leonida — forced to rely on each other more than ever if they want to make it out alive.
Vice City, USA. The darkest side of the sunniest place in America.
View all
View all Newswire posts
Xbox Series X|S
